right so this is my opening video for
the Apple Mighty Mouse i bought this
today what a student discount was always
signing so this is the top yeah the
documentation is such like in advance
let's just open this up got that pre
thick book that got the limited warranty
and you've got the instructions for
cleaning it and you've got the bluetooth
certification because this thing runs on
bluetooth as you should know so the
doctrines there and this is the actual
amount that comes out here from your
back the mouse itself there you're a
couple of that trees there you do need
bluetooth installed on your computer to
use this bad boy as it happens the mouse
comes in a little thing and it comes
with two AAA energizer batteries and
then for just
let's go to scroll ball at the top
pretty nice Mouse that's that